Ports evaluation tests from the `partiql-spec` (#30)
partiql/partiql-tests: docs/partiql-tests-schema-proposal.md

}
```

> For ease of writing evaluation tests, it's necessary to provide a way to specify environments that can be referred to 
> outside a given test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For ease of writing evaluation tests, it must be possible to declare environments which can be used by multiple test cases.
```
